---
title: "Algebra Colloqium"
collection: talks
type: "Presentation"
permalink: /talks/
venue: "Meeting Room 1, 3rd Floor of the Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Gadjah Mada"
date: 2023-05-29
location: "Yogyakarta, Indonesia"
---

<p align=justify>
After I graduated on May 24, 2023, at Grha Sabha Pramana Hall, Universitas Gadjah Mada, I was still given the opportunity by my thesis advisor, Uha Isnaini, S.Si., M.Sc., Ph.D., to share the results of my thesis at the Algebra Colloquium organized by the Algebra Laboratory in Meeting Room 1, 3rd Floor of the Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Gadjah Mada.  At first, I was definitely nervous. Wait—didn’t I already defend my thesis in front of the examiners for about 3 hours? Why was I still nervous? The thing is, during this colloquium, I had to present my thesis in front of all the mathematics lecturers from the algebra lab and some from the analysis lab, both in person and via Zoom meeting. Just imagine the tension of presenting in front of experts in the field I had studied!  However, slowly but surely, I managed to calm down and deliver my presentation until the end. The main topic was related to the **Theory of Integer Partitions**, which explores the decomposition of positive integers into sums of other positive integers that satisfy certain criteria. Interestingly, this topic can be connected to **set partitions** in set theory.  One of the most memorable moments for me was the chance to discuss research gaps in my thesis with the lecturers, which I plan to use as a topic for my master’s thesis this upcoming August. For anyone who wants to see the evidence, you can visit the following link:
<a href="https://agung-aldhi-prastya.github.io/files/Sertifikat Kolokium Aljabar Mei 2023 Agung Aldhi Prastya, S.Mat..pdf" target="_blank">My Algebra Colloqium e-Certificate</a>.
</p>
